git-fast-export: add page (#18490)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/git-fast-export.md

# git fast-export

> > Exports the contents and history of a Git repository in a streamable, plain-text format.

Reviewer: You forgor to apply this.

> More information: <https://manned.org/git-fast-export>.

> - Export the Entire Git Repository History to console:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Export the entire Git repository history to `stdout`:
```

`git fast-export --all`

- Export the entire repository to a file:

`git fast-export --all > {{path/to/file}}`

- Export a specific branch only:

`git fast-export {{main}}`

> - Export with progress shown:
> 
> `git fast-export --progress {{5}} --all > {{path/to/file}}`

Reviewer 2: This doesn't show progress by itself.
https://manned.org/git-fast-export
>  --progress=\<n\>
           Insert progress statements every \<n\> objects, to be shown by git fast-import during import.
```suggestion
- Export with `progress` statements every `n` objects (for showing progress during `git fast-import`):

`git fast-export --progress {{n}} --all > {{path/to/file}}`
```

> `git fast-export --progress={{5}} --all > {{repo_progress.export}}`

Author: Yes, it will.
